# CS340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I write programs piece by piece to make sure that every aspect is maintainable, readable, and adaptable. I liked working it this way especially for the CRUD module because each part of it was different. I would use this in the future for any database maintenance since CRUD features all the essential operations for organizing a database.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I approach problems by taking them apart and setting requirements for each part of the problem. I find that this way I am able to keep track of what I am doing and what still needs to be done. When I first started coding I didn't think this way and had trouble with accidentally leaving things out. I will continues to use these strategies in the future and have even started implementing them in my current jobs. 
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists do a lot of things. They can create code from the ground up, they can work with data to make it impactful and understandable, they can also make programs more secure. The work on this type of project is crucial to a lot of companies to keep their information organized. People utilizing the software are then able to do their job better because the information is organized and maintainable for them.
